# pattern_empty_index
The `model-lua.xml` file contains a Lua-based Pattern window. You can use the `model-lua.xml` file with SAS Event Stream Processing 2022.1.2 and later. When you pass data into the Source window, you must specify the following date format: `%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S`. SAS Help Center contains step-by-step instructions about how to create the project from scratch and how to execute it. For more information, see [Using Lua to Identify Trading Patterns in a Stock Market](https://documentation.sas.com/?cdcId=espcdc&cdcVersion=default&docsetId=espstudio&docsetTarget=n1v79ohw75168xn1328w83irahgg.htm).

The `model-eel.xml` file contains a Pattern window that uses an Expression Engine Language (EEL) expression. You can use the `model-eel.xml` file with SAS Event Stream Processing 2020.1 and later. However, beginning in SAS Event Stream Processing 2022.1.2, it is recommended to use Lua in Pattern windows. The use of EEL in Pattern windows is legacy functionality. The model-eel.xml file is provided for use with earlier versions of SAS Event Stream Processing, which do not contain functionality for Lua-based Pattern windows. When you pass data into the Source window, you must specify the following date format: `%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S`. SAS Help Center contains step-by-step instructions about how to create the project from scratch and how to execute it. For more information, see [Identifying Trading Patterns in a Stock Market](https://documentation.sas.com/?cdcId=espcdc&cdcVersion=v_024&docsetId=espstudio&docsetTarget=p0guk3fc0e9rnbn1gyu4v7ehxnzn.htm).
